---
layout: page
title: Presenters
permalink: /presenters/
---

### Erin Clary, Federated Research Data Repository (FRDR) 
Erin Clary is the Curation Coordinator for the Digital Research Alliance of Canada. She works with a team of curators who review and publish new dataset deposits for the Federated Research Data Repository (FRDR), and she manages user services for the repository. As a member of the Alliance’s Curation Expert Group, Erin is engaged in developing resources to support curation practitioners and researchers, and in fostering a curation community of practice in Canada. She was previously a curator with the Dryad Digital Repository and a member of the Data Curation Network, a cross-institutional network that connects local datasets to expert curators at partner institutions. Erin studied Biology and holds an MLIS from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.  
  
### Dylanne Dearborn, University of Toronto Libraries
Dylanne Dearborn is the Research Data Management Coordinator with University of Toronto Libraries, the Administrator for the U of T Dataverse, and a DMP Assistant. She has worked in research data at U of T for the last twelve years – building strategic directions for research data support as well as providing data services to researchers. Dylanne works closely with U of T service units, sitting on institutional groups such as the Information Security Council Research Working Group and the Social Sciences, Humanities and Education Research Ethics Board, and is the Co-Chair of the RDM Working Group under the Digital Research Infrastructure at U of T. She also represents U of T on collaborative regional and national RDM groups, such as the Compute Ontario RDM Advisory Committee, U15 and OCUR RDM discussions, and serves on multiple Expert and Working Groups under the Digital Research Alliance of Canada.  

### Angela Di Nello, Digital Research Commons Pilot (DRCP)
Angela Di Nello is the Senior Manager for the Digital Research Commons Pilot (DRCP) at McMaster University. Relying on her 20 years of experience working with and leading research teams, Angela is using her varied experiences to connect a wide variety of services, systems, software, supports and training to ensure McMaster's researchers have access to the resources they need. Her related experience includes facilitating multidisciplinary teams made up of academics, medical staff, public servants, community members and other research staff. She’s worked on various research topics such as urban housing and health, food (in)security, access to employment services, women and the impact of exercise post‐cardiac event, chest pain following percutaneous coronary interventions (PCIs), child development and school readiness to learn, and sexual behaviours of Canadians. She has a Master of Arts in Political Science, a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and Criminal Justice & Public Policy, and a Bachelor of Education.  

### Deanna Fong, Concordia University
Deanna Fong is a Postdoctoral Fellow in English and History at Concordia University in Montréal, Canada, where her research focuses on the intersections of auditory media, ethics, and listening. She is a member of the federally funded SpokenWeb team, who have developed a web-based archive of digitized sound recordings for literary study. With Ryan Fitzpatrick and Janey Dodd, she co-directs the audio/multimedia archive of Canadian poet Fred Wah, and has done substantial cataloguing and critical work on the audio archives of Japanese Canadian poet and painter Roy Kiyooka. She is the author of chapters in the forthcoming books Canlit Across Media: Unarchiving the Literary Event (McGill-Queens UP, 2020) and Pictura: Essays on the Life and Work of Roy Kiyooka (Guernica Editions, 2020). 

### Ted Hildebrandt, Social Planning and Research Council of Hamilton
Ted Hildebrandt Ted is a Senior Social Planner with Social Planning and Research Council of Hamilton SPRC. Ted possesses a wealth of experience navigating policy frameworks and service delivery for vital organizations such as the Social Planning and Research Council of Hamilton’s (SPRC) Community Action Program for Children (CAPC). Previously a Director of Social Planning for the neighboring Halton region, Ted has over three decades of experience leading steering committees, translating and collating datasets to make meaningful social change, and managing multi-stakeholder social initiatives. Together with Aaron Franks of The First Nations Information Governance Centre and Dr. Jennifer Walker of McMaster University, Ted will present the session “Communities Empowered by Data - Control and Use” at our series, providing essential guidance on toolkit creation for community groups. 

### Evangeline Holtz-Schramek, McMaster University, Communication Studies & Media Arts
Evangeline (Vange) Holtz-Schramek (she/they) possesses extensive vocational expertise in communications and educational and community consulting with roles at organizations such as Indigenous Affairs Ontario, St. Stephen’s Community House, The Avie Bennett Chair in Canadian Literature (University of Toronto), Alexandra Park Community Centre, the Women in the House Program (Toronto Metropolitan University), and the Sandy Lake Board of Education. Vange will leverage their cross-sectoral and community-based project experiences for the Community Research Data-Toolkits Workshop. Vange is a PhD candidate in the Communication, New Media & Cultural Studies program at McMaster University where their CGS-SSHRC funded research engages with online mothering under COVID-19 conditions.

### Amiel Joseph, Office of Community Engagement and Department of Social Work, McMaster University
Amiel Joseph, PhD, is Holder of the Faculty of Social Sciences Professorship in Equity, Identity and Transformation. Dr. Joseph is an Associate Professor in the Faculty of Social Science and serves as Graduate Chair. With ongoing connections to many local initiatives, he is also the Academic Director for the Community Engaged Research and Relationships, Office of Community Engagement. Dr. Joseph’s research contributions work with perspectives from critical mental health, postcolonial theory, critical race theory, and critical disability studies to study the historical production of ideas about difference, normalcy, sexuality, eugenics, race, ability, and mental “illness” as they cohere, diverge, interdepend, and perform within policy, law, and practice. Dr. Joseph comes to this work with over a decade of experience in the mental health field in supportive housing, settlement, crisis respite, forensic assertive community treatment, community-based early intervention, and governance settings. 
  
### Shahira Khair, University of Victoria Libraries
Shahira Khair (she/her) is a Data Curation Librarian at the University of Victoria Libraries and her current portfolios include research data management and organizational analysis. She leads the Libraries’ research data services and supports researchers in adopting digital tools into their research grants and course instruction. She also oversees the management of the Libraries’ internal data assets and collaborates across departments on projects that demonstrate library impact. Shahira holds a Master's of Science in Biology and a Master's of Information Studies from the University of Ottawa. She has spent much of her career advancing national-scale research infrastructure initiatives through work with the Digital Research Alliance of Canada and the Canadian Association of Research Libraries and has significant experience leading engagement and collaboration between research communities, funders, and service providers.    

### Sally Landon and David Kanters, HWDSB
Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board (HWDSB) is a medium-to-large Ontario school board that serves a community of approximately 50,000 students in the City of Hamilton and surrounding areas. Sally Landon, as a Manager, Research & Analytics Department, and David Kanters, Data Analyst will bring a practice-based approach to our sessions. Together with advocate and scholar Karen Robson, Sally and David will present “Education Data: A Case Study,” enlivening our sessions with an on-the-ground case study.

### Veronica Litt, Digital Scholarship Coordinator
Veronica (she/her) has multi-faceted experience with Digital Humanities and holds a PhD in English and Book History from the University of Toronto. As a Digital Scholarship  Coordinator, she develops a diverse slate of programs including workshops, special events, and community partnerships, alongside her work in communications, research support, and the Centre's online learning resources. She also provides consultations on podcasts and Twine games. 

### Mikala Narlock, Data Curation Network (US)
Mikala Narlock is the Director of the Data Curation Network where she is a strong advocate for data curation and open scholarship. In her role, she collaborates with the DCN community to ensure the organization develops in a responsive and sustainable manner. Prior to this role, she was the Digital Collections Strategy Librarian at the University of Notre Dame where she managed the institutional and cultural heritage repositories, connected with students and faculty around research data management, and collaborated with other librarians and data stewards to serve campus needs. She is an active researcher, presenting and publishing regularly.   
 
### Karen Robson, McMaster University, Department of Sociology
Karen Robson is an Associate Professor in the Department of Sociology at McMaster University and the Ontario Research Chair in Educational Achievement and At-Risk Youth. Dr. Robson is noted for her work on statistics, youth policy in a European context, and the impact of information technology and television on various social groups. She holds a PhD in applied social and economic research from the University of Essex, during which she worked on a UNICEF-funded project which examined the correlates of young parenthood in the European Union. Dr. Robson has worked as a Senior Research Officer at the Institute for Social and Economic Research at the University of Essex. She has also worked with UNICEF and the UK Department of Health examining the differences in the socioeconomic disadvantages of early mothers across various ethnic groups in Britain.  
 
### Victoria Smith, Policy, Privacy, and Sensitive Data Coordinator 
 Victoria Smith specializes in sensitive data, privacy, and research policy, and she’s passionate about intelligent data access. In her work with the Digital Research Alliance of Canada as the Policy, Privacy, and Sensitive Data Coordinator, Victoria is leading a sensitive data repository project, engaging in collaboration and relationship building with Indigenous stakeholders, and supporting the Sensitive Data Expert Group, while also providing guidance and input on other projects. Prior to joining the Alliance, she was the Ethics Officer for the Health Research Ethics Authority of Newfoundland and Labrador, where she performed research ethics review for the province. Victoria developed a successful research ethics consultation program while creating pandemic-related research ethics policies. Victoria, along with Subhanya Sivajothy and Danica Evering, will lead a session entitled “Research Data Management, Data Management Planning, and Data Deposit: the Controlled Access Management Pilot,” engaging participants in this initiative and offering insights for the workshop series. 
 
### Kelly Stathis, DataCite 
Kelly is the Technical Community Manager at DataCite. At DataCite, Kelly leads adoption efforts and engages with the community on metadata and technical implementation. Previously, Kelly worked at the Portage Network of the Digital Research Alliance of Canada, where they contributed to national data repository and discovery initiatives (including FRDR and Lunaris) and supported the DataCite Canada Consortium. Kelly holds an MLIS from the University of British Columbia, a BS in Computer Science, and a BMus in Music Composition.  
  
### Felicity Tayler, University of Ottawa
Felicity Tayler is the Research Data Management Librarian at the University of Ottawa. She is an occasional visual artist and curator and has published in anthologies and journals such as the International Journal on Digital Libraries, Journal of Canadian Art History, Canadian Literature, and Mémoires du livre / Studies in Book Culture. She held a Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Department of History of Art at the University of Toronto (2017-2018). Presently, she is a co-applicant on the SSHRC-funded SpokenWeb partnership, which foregrounds a collaborative approach to literary historical study and digital development through engagement with diverse collections of spoken recordings from across Canada and beyond. 


